Add webhook clarification (#5872)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/cloud-apps/sendgrid/index.md

If you're getting an "Invalid Credentials" error when setting up the SendGrid source, send a direct ping to the [SendGrid Marketing Campaigns API](https://sendgrid.com/docs/API_Reference/Web_API_v3/Marketing_Campaigns/campaigns.html){:target="_blank”} to test if you're using the correct credentials.

Make sure you allowlist Segment IP addresses on SendGrid. [Contact Segment](https://segment.com/help/contact/){:target="_blank”} for the list of IP addresses to allowlist.

> When disabling your Sendgrid Source - you will need to also disable the Webhook portion of your configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you disable your SendGrid source, you'll need to also disable the webhook portion of your configuration.
```
